Code Book - This Code Book is best viewed in R studio
Data Dictionary for the output file "Samsung_Galaxy_S_Smartphone_data.txt" generated by the run_analysis.R script.
Activities were transformed from number codes to character string activity types, of which there are six different 
activities for each subject - LAYING, SITTING, STANDING, WALKING, WALKING DOWNSTAIRS, and WALKING UPSTAIRS.
Each column name has been modified from the original to be more readable. 
Columns in the final output data set have been sorted with "mean" measurements first, then "standard deviation" last. Rows are sorted by subject and activity.

Column Name	                                Type	Description	Measurement                                         Measurement Domain

Subjects	                                Number	Subject Identifier	
Activities	                                String	Type of Activity	
timeBodyAcceleration-mean-X	                Number	Mean body acceleration in X direction	                        Time
timeBodyAcceleration-mean-Y	                Number	Mean body acceleration in Y direction	                        Time
timeBodyAcceleration-mean-Z	                Number	Mean body acceleration in Z direction	                        Time
timeGravityAcceleration-mean-X	            Number	Mean gravity acceleration in X direction	                    Time
timeGravityAcceleration-mean-Y	            Number	Mean gravity acceleration in Y direction	                    Time
timeGravityAcceleration-mean-Z	            Number	Mean gravity acceleration in Z direction	                    Time
timeBodyAccelerationJerk-mean-X	            Number	Mean body acceleration jerk in X direction	                    Time
timeBodyAccelerationJerk-mean-Y	            Number	Mean body acceleration jerk in Y direction	                    Time
timeBodyAccelerationJerk-mean-Z	            Number	Mean body acceleration jerk in Z direction	                    Time
timeBodyGyroscope-mean-X	                Number	Mean body gyroscope in X direction	                            Time
timeBodyGyroscope-mean-Y	                Number	Mean body gyroscope in Y direction	                            Time
timeBodyGyroscope-mean-Z	                Number	Mean body gyroscope in Z direction	                            Time
timeBodyGyroscopeJerk-mean-X	            Number	Mean body gyroscope jerk in X direction	                        Time
timeBodyGyroscopeJerk-mean-Y	            Number	Mean body gyroscope jerk in Y direction	                        Time
timeBodyGyroscopeJerk-mean-Z	            Number	Mean body gyroscope jerk in Z direction	                        Time
timeBodyAccelerationMagnitude-mean	        Number	Mean body acceleration magnitude 	                            Time
timeGravityAccelerationMagnitude-mean	    Number	Mean gravity acceleration magnitude 	                        Time
timeBodyAccelerationJerkMagnitude-mean	    Number	Mean body acceleration jerk magnitude 	                        Time
timeBodyGyroscopeMagnitude-mean	            Number	Mean body gyroscope magnitude                                   Time
timeBodyGyroscopeJerkMagnitude-mean	        Number	Mean body gyroscope jerk magnitude	                            Time
frequencyBodyAcceleration-mean-X	        Number	Mean frequency body acceleration in X direction	                Frequency
frequencyBodyAcceleration-mean-Y	        Number	Mean frequency body acceleration in Y direction	                Frequency
frequencyBodyAcceleration-mean-Z	        Number	Mean frequency body acceleration in Y direction	                Frequency
frequencyBodyAccelerationJerk-mean-X	    Number	Mean frequency body acceleration jerk in X direction	        Frequency
frequencyBodyAccelerationJerk-mean-Y	    Number	Mean frequency body acceleration jerk in Y direction	        Frequency
frequencyBodyAccelerationJerk-mean-Z	    Number	Mean frequency body acceleration jerk in Z direction	        Frequency
frequencyBodyGyroscope-mean-X	            Number	Mean frequency body gyroscope in X direction	                Frequency
frequencyBodyGyroscope-mean-Y	            Number	Mean frequency body gyroscope in Y direction	                Frequency
frequencyBodyGyroscope-mean-Z	            Number	Mean frequency body gyroscope in Z direction	                Frequency
frequencyBodyAccelerationMagnitude-mean	    Number	Mean frequency body acceleration magnitude	                    Frequency
frequencyBodyAccelerationJerkMagnitude-mean	Number	Mean frequency body acceleration jerk magnitude	                Frequency
frequencyBodyGyroscopeMagnitude-mean	    Number	Mean frequency body gyroscope magnitude	                        Frequency
frequencyBodyGyroscopeJerkMagnitude-mean	Number	Mean frequency body gyroscope jerk magnitude	                Frequency
timeBodyAcceleration-std-X	                Number	Standard deviation for body acceleration in X direction	        Time
timeBodyAcceleration-std-Y	                Number	Standard deviation for body acceleration in Y direction	        Time
timeBodyAcceleration-std-Z	                Number	Standard deviation for body acceleration in Z direction	        Time
timeGravityAcceleration-std-X	            Number	Standard deviation for gravity acceleration in X direction      Time
timeGravityAcceleration-std-Y	            Number	Standard deviation for gravity acceleration in Y direction      Time
timeGravityAcceleration-std-Z	            Number	Standard deviation for gravity acceleration in Z direction      Time
timeBodyAccelerationJerk-std-X	            Number	Standard deviation for body acceleration jerk in X direction    Time
timeBodyAccelerationJerk-std-Y	            Number	Standard deviation for body acceleration jerk in Y direction	Time
timeBodyAccelerationJerk-std-Z	            Number	Standard deviation for body acceleration jerk in Z direction	Time
timeBodyGyroscope-std-X	                    Number	Standard deviation for body gyroscope in X direction	        Time
timeBodyGyroscope-std-Y	                    Number	Standard deviation for body gyroscope in Y direction	        Time
timeBodyGyroscope-std-Z	                    Number	Standard deviation for body gyroscope in Z direction	        Time
timeBodyGyroscopeJerk-std-X	                Number	Standard deviation for body gyroscope jerk in X direction	    Time
timeBodyGyroscopeJerk-std-Y	                Number	Standard deviation for body gyroscope jerk in Y direction	    Time
timeBodyGyroscopeJerk-std-Z	                Number	Standard deviation for body gyroscope jerk in Z direction       Time
timeBodyAccelerationMagnitude-std	        Number	Standard deviation for body acceleration magnitude	            Time
timeGravityAccelerationMagnitude-std	    Number	Standard deviation for gravity acceleration magnitude	        Time
timeBodyAccelerationJerkMagnitude-std	    Number	Standard deviation for body acceleration jerk magnitude	        Time
timeBodyGyroscopeMagnitude-std	            Number	Standard deviation for body gyroscope magnitude	                Time
timeBodyGyroscopeJerkMagnitude-std	        Number	Standard deviation for body gyroscope jerk magnitude            Time
frequencyBodyAcceleration-std-X	            Number	Standard deviation for body acceleration in X direction	        Frequency
frequencyBodyAcceleration-std-Y	            Number	Standard deviation for body acceleration in Y direction	        Frequency
frequencyBodyAcceleration-std-Z	            Number	Standard deviation for body acceleration in Z direction	        Frequency
frequencyBodyAccelerationJerk-std-X	        Number	Standard deviation for body acceleration jerk in X direction    Frequency
frequencyBodyAccelerationJerk-std-Y	        Number	Standard deviation for body acceleration jerk in Y direction	Frequency
frequencyBodyAccelerationJerk-std-Z	        Number	Standard deviation for body acceleration jerk in Z direction	Frequency
frequencyBodyGyroscope-std-X	            Number	Standard deviation for body gyroscope in X direction	        Frequency
frequencyBodyGyroscope-std-Y	            Number	Standard deviation for body gyroscope in Y direction	        Frequency
frequencyBodyGyroscope-std-Z	            Number	Standard deviation for body gyroscope in Z direction	        Frequency
frequencyBodyAccelerationMagnitude-std	    Number	Standard deviation for body acceleration magnitude	            Frequency
frequencyBodyAccelerationJerkMagnitude-std	Number	Standard deviation for body acceleration jerk magnitude	        Frequency
frequencyBodyGyroscopeMagnitude-std	        Number	Standard deviation for body gyroscope magnitude	                Frequency
frequencyBodyGyroscopeJerkMagnitude-std	    Number	Standard deviation for body gyroscope jerk magnitude	        Frequency
